Address Med's comments (#30)
lamps-wg/cms-ml-dsa: draft-ietf-lamps-cms-ml-dsa.md

--- abstract

> The Module-Lattice-Based Digital Signature Algorithm (ML-DSA), as defined in US FIPS 204, is a post-quantum digital signature scheme that aims to be secure against an adversary in possession of a Cryptographically Relevant Quantum Computer (CRQC).

Reviewer: I don't agree with Med's suggestion here, none of the other drafts use "US" on its own,  Using NIST would be better.

```suggestion
The Module-Lattice-Based Digital Signature Algorithm (ML-DSA), as defined by NIST in FIPS 204, is a post-quantum digital signature scheme that aims to be secure against an adversary in possession of a Cryptographically Relevant Quantum Computer (CRQC).
```

# Introduction

The Module-Lattice-Based Digital Signature Algorithm (ML-DSA) is a digital signature algorithm standardised by the US National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) as part of their post-quantum cryptography standardization process.
It is intended to be secure against both "traditional" cryptographic attacks, as well as attacks utilising a quantum computer.
It offers smaller signatures and significantly faster runtimes than SLH-DSA {{FIPS205}}, an alternative post-quantum signature algorithm also standardised by NIST.
This document specifies the use of the ML-DSA in the CMS at three security levels: ML-DSA-44, ML-DSA-65, and ML-DSA-87.  See {{Appendix B of I-D.ietf-lamps-dilithium-certificates}} for more information on the security levels and key sizes of ML-DSA.

Prior to standardisation, ML-DSA was known as Dilithium.  ML-DSA and Dilithium are not compatible.

For each of the ML-DSA parameter sets, an algorithm identifier OID has been specified.

{{FIPS204}} also specifies a pre-hashed variant of ML-DSA, called HashML-DSA.
Use of HashML-DSA in the CMS is not specified in this document.

> See Section {{pure-vs-pre-hash}} for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See {{pure-vs-pre-hash}} for more details.
```
"Section X.Y" will get added automatically.
